you pray five times a day of course
every single prayer in the in time Chang
my life and what inspired you to
actually start praying five times I tell
people I was surrounded around people
who don't pray
before just imagine the people back in
the day when they would have to travel
certain distances for months or even
years what is one thing that they would
carry with them the Quran why because
they did not have it on their mobile
devices or their gadgets brothers and
sisters imagine you have a app the Quran
app which not only shows you how much
rewards you get but reminds you to read
the Quran gives you reminders download
the Quran app now and let it testify for
you on that you read it wherever you
was brothers and sisters and dear
friends today's video is going to be
about money kicks and this is a brother
that I have seen his videos couple of
his videos when he was young to him
growing up becoming an adult
alhamdulillah as you guys know once you
reach a certain age of on we are
accountable and this colors obviously
differ to what that age is uh but
obviously seeing him being uh with a
specific crowd and as we were young I
know I come from a Jia before Islam
before I came to Islam uh 11 years ago
that your crowd has a massive influence
on you the people that you're around
could influence you greatly
alhamdulillah I was kind of a stron
headed inividual where I had friends who
would sell drugs like literally when I'm
talking about drugs I'm talking about
class A drugs I never saw drugs I my
friends will smoke all kind of drugs
drink alcohol I did not find a need to
fit in in that manner but they did
influence me in different ways many
people are not as strong minded as I was
even in Jah to not do certain things and
have boundaries but many people fall
into many things because they're not
strong and this is the reason why it's
so profound like this is we can just say
just by these narrations that the
prophet is is a true prophet he gives an
example of a bad friend to a good friend
but before we get to that in let's watch
some videos uh where there's one in a
podcast and one video that was sent to
me of how money kicks actually admits
that at one point because of his bad
friends he was around that were not
praying he wasn't praying uh and he
changed his ways uh and another video
where he actually uh talks about giving
da and a lot of people of a lot of us
have a perception about people who are
rich or come from a wealthy background
we have this hatred or whatever it is
and we think bad of them and you know
they're probably all about money we
should not judge people but anyways here
are the two videos in let's watch them
for ourself you pray five times a day of
course every single prayer in the in
time aldah change my life
alhamdulillah I never felt more happy in
my life more secured more protected more
stronger more mentally strong like it
changed my life and what inspired you to
actually start praying five times I tell
people I was surrounded around people
who don't pray before and I surrounded
myself with people who pray and uh I
became like them you know so it's the
power of the Prophet Muhammad Alam said
if you chill with someone 45 days you're
going to get their morals I think and I
became like them and alhamd I never went
back Mah you took a lot of rappers to
the mosque yeah you took uh who one of
CHA speed ta t
so you know see like we have a platform
so me you we're blessed you know if we
have a voice to spread Islam and we
Inspire one person that's the ticket to
heaven so we have that power you know so
we're we're the special ones did anybody
convert to Islam from you cha like see
choa um sent me a WhatsApp so I give to
them a Quran I thought you know they'll
forget it and then he he sent me a
picture he's reading a no way I said Mah
you know so it shocked me so inah I
never forced them I just showed them the
Islam you know in America they spread in
the old days like they spread bad stuff
about Islam and they make us feel like
we're the most bad the worst people in
Earth and it's all it's not even this is
not the real Islam you know they the
brainwash people and it's written our
religion there will be a signs of
judgment they were they will try to
spoil the image of Islam and they are
doing that so alhamdulillah now Islam is
getting stronger and stronger theenda
you have no idea how it's dominating a
lot of Western countries yeah it's
powerful you cannot you know it's the
truth if you really read about it and
this it's the truth do you know Patrick
B David no pbd podcast he interviews a
lot of Mafia people he interviewed the
Tate Brothers he interviewed a lot of
people
pp's Iranian yeah Iran Aman American so
he's an Assyrian see he's a Christian
and he's a like proper U not Catholic
the other one Orthodox CHR right he's
really with his religion everything a
few days ago I used to like Patrick B
DAV until a few days ago he published a
podcast episode where he showed videos
of how Islam might actually conquer the
world and he was so against it he was
like look at you Christians you're not
doing anything to stop why is it a bad
thing I understand you come from a
whatever different background but like
um he's also talking about it and people
are scared you know so guys what you saw
there Subhan Allah as you can see the
first one really touched me Subhan Allah
like to know that his story of going
from uh not praying Salah you know and
being influence Etc which which can
happen to any of us repenting changing
his ways the prophet P him told us
something so beautiful the comparison
that example he gives us is so amazing
he said a good friend is like a musk
seller somebody who sells at somebody is
a musk seller okay I have a friend
brother W black UD yeah aldah and
sometimes when I'm around him Etc even
and there's many beneficial things I
take from him but even if he was not to
say anything beneficial or harmful the
fact that you're around him you will
leave smelling good and the prophet said
a bad friend is like a blacksmith even
if he says nothing evil or cause you to
evil being around him will be will cause
you to be in Smoke and dirt or for those
kind of things the propham also told us
that a person is amongst the religion of
his friend so be aware who you befriend
that's the reason why Allah tells in the
Quran to not take the Christians and the
Jews as intimate friends they can be
friends but not intimate now there's
such a powerful verse and this video
might be may be watched by money kicks
but I just wanted to share this with the
audience and yourself if you're watching
this Subhan Allah it is so powerful and
it's in the Quran in s
okay so Allah says in Surah 50 I read
from 50 it's so powerful and this shows
you brother and sisters having bad
friends Subhan Allah look at this this
is a real example and this is somebody
who is talking Allah's talking in the
future sense yeah then they will turn to
each other asking questions mutually a
speaker from them will say I had a
companion in the worldly life who used
to say to me are you one of those who
believe is it when we have died and
become dust and Bones is it true that we
are going to be recompensed for our good
Deeds he the speaker will say to the
other people in Paradise would you like
to have a look at Janam this is so
powerful Allah is telling us they are in
Jenna and they are talking about an
event that's occurring would you like to
have a look at Janam to find out what
happened to that companion of yours
companion of mine so he will look and
will see him in the middle of Janam he
the speaker will say to His companion
this is so powerful seen in Janam just
put yourself in that situation Subhan
Allah Allah is even giving us a warning
in the future not the past Nations Allah
is telling you a situation of a
individual who's going to be who's in
Jenna yes telling us subh of his bad
friend and you know what he's going to
say by Allah you were going to almost
ruin me can you imagine that you have
this bad friend who's calling you to
evil not to pray Salah not to do this
party clubbing Girl Z all this kind of
stuff and you manage to with the
permission of Allah subhana T and say
alhamdulillah you managed to escape that
and then you see the consequences or the
rewards of of that he sees the
consequences if he carries on and you
only see it in Jenna like this man did
and he says by Allah you were going to
almost ruin me but for the favor of my
Lord I would have been among those
produced for punishment just like him
then the speaker will address the other
people of Paradise in delight and wonder
seeing are we not then to die anymore
beyond our first death nor are we going
to be punished this is indeed a great
achievement for this kind of achievement
all workers must work this is a direct
look sometimes mentions previous Nations
don't fall into from learn from your
lessons Okay like they say the one that
forgets his past will not KN know their
future not just previous Nations Allah
is telling you in the future telling you
in the future span of a man in Jenna
warning you against those this is
talking about obviously a person mush
who didn't believe in the here after Etc
who was in the middle of Janam and this
man with the permission of Allah subhana
wa tala with Allah's favor that escaped
him and now now Saw His companion his
friend his friend W let me tell you the
friends that you call friends on they
will throw you and they will throw
hundred of you into the hell instead of
them so friendship like we say and we
talk about this we say blood is thicker
than water meaning kinship we say Iman
is thicker than blood brothers and
sisters your true friends your true
Brothers your true sisters is nothing
but those who believe in the Battle of
bad family members were fighting each
other in opposite sides you look at the
the story of Surah in in the Quran no
when he said made a Dua to Allah subh
and said oh Allah save my family when
his son refused refused to come on the
boat and he said I'm going to go to a
higher Mountain Etc yes to be saved
Subhan Allah yeah again destroyed
himself by taking hisle thinking if he
goes to a higher Mountain he's not going
to die yeah and then when he was drowned
Alam obviously thinking I made a Dua for
my family and Allah subh rebukes Alam
and says your family is who the
Believers understand this concept very
well your family your true family your
true friend your True Companion is the
Believers nobody else so brothers and
sisters if you have bad friends like
money kick like he admits he did first I
want to say may Allah subhana keep him
firm keep him steadfast may Allah
subhana use him and the means that he
has for Islam and to make Allah sub's
the highest he gets rappers he invites
rappers talks them Etc and he takes them
to the massin and gives them Quran his
name should be called money da how about
that is that that work money kicks money
da yeah maybe money kicks da kicks da I
don't know we can change in yeah
alhamdulillah he is a man of Da why
because the prophet PE said convey from
me even if it's an Ayah and may Allah
bless and preserve him for giv that
correc ifying his mistakes aldah and
coming back to Allah and finding true
peace CU indeed Allah subh says indeed
in the remembrance of Hearts do hearts
find peace and if you forget my
remembrance you will have a depressed
life and I as a Muslim who came to Islam
11 years ago there is nothing in this
world that can replace Islam so I invite
you guys who are not Muslims to Islam
and I ask Allah subhana tala to keep
money kicks or she say money da on the
da till next time Asam alayum